Hello everyone.
I welcome everyone to the Real Things Again site.  Let's just
look at our questions in this post.
I will answer questions in my view
.  Also, follow up with your SEBI
registered advisors, relationship
managers, or whoever.
But you should definitely study.   Do
n't invest without studying.   No matter
what stock or
investment, First
Nation Pharma is
written about.  Sir, Natco Pharma has announced a 1:1
bonus.
We will get an additional share in the bonus, that is, the
Grab Chemical business
.
They have written that if that happens, there will be variations in share prices.
Definitely.  Share prices
could drop by half from the current share price at which Natco Pharma is trading.
We will get the rest and the Grab Chemical
Business Share will be ours.
So there is nothing.  These are our long-term
investors.  So continues to
have good valuations.  Let's continue to
look at our graph chemical.  At the same
time, you can also watch Natco Bama.   There
will be no debt for both of them.  Good
business, good promoters, and strong
crash reserves.  They have taken care of
all the business in South Africa
.  Earnings will be 12 times
.
You said in your previous post that the promoters have increased their stake.  The promoters of six or seven
companies have come to the table and raised the stakes
.  Now that the share price is
rallying, the
promoters have come and said that they
won't upload their stake again, saying that it's not at a higher level
.  We do
n't care about that.  They have increased their stack,
so I said that first so that
you can understand what that means
.  If the share price is rallying,
then the rally will only happen if the company
shows good performance.   It won't just go away
.  They have such confidence that the company will perform well
.  They believe that there will be growth in their business
.  That's why they're adding additional stacks
.  They are selling it to make
a profit, but we
don't need it.  We are our partners in that business
.  The promoters believe that the business will grow
.  That's the news.
The shares that are being refined outside will decrease.
That's an advantage.  Meanwhile, the
company's promoters are confident in the company, saying that the company will continue to grow.
That's the
news we need.  That's all.
You may
have heard that if the promoters' shares are sold, the share price will come down. We always say that.  This means that
in some companies, the promoter stake is
over 75%.  If 90% of a few public
sector units, especially
public sector banks, and a few
insurance companies, are selling everything there,
then there
is a chance of a terrible fall.  Now,
if we take Bajjaj Havasing Finance as an example, we can see that the
promoter shares were around 86%
in the past.
So please give some timelines for reducing it to 75
.  So, if they also
sow seeds, they will surely decrease.
Next, they are writing about Sipla.
Sir, in the past, we gave entry at a higher level,
so now we
have a good level to make an average,
so they wrote that.  I
have a good level of endurance.  As for Bud Pharma,
Natco Dr. Reddy's
is at a cheaper valuation than this.  Even if it's a small
or mid-sized company,
you were afraid to leave it alone
.  But
if we take Dr. Reddy's, then the large cap business
loan is also a loss. Natco has no loan at all.
Dr. Reddy's is a chef at Chiplawa Gamber
.  Even if you average it out,
it's still a good valuation
.  22 Times Earnings.  Next, they
are writing a paragraph about GSFC.
Fertilizers and Chemical
Businesses.  We are mostly
not involved in that.  We
look at Tata Chemicals, and then
indirectly consider Tata Sons
.  That too
is below book value.  Let's come to GSFC.
If we take the valuation as such, it is
much, much cheaper than Tata Chemicals.  What is Tata
Chemicals a midsize company?  GSFC
came and is a small cap business.
The valuation is very, very great
. The book will
be 05 times.  Price earnings are also 8 times
.  In addition to that, if
you
have a passion for fertilizers and chemicals,
we should look into that.  You'll have to wait a few
years.   If we
're going to invest in the market like that, we'll have to wait a few years
.  If
you take the current situation as it is, you may have to wait for many years
.  So GSFC is a good
level.  Next,
a friend wrote about Ashoka Philkhan.  He
writes that there is a 20-25% loss on the page
.  This is a risk that is common in small caps
.  We have said many times that if there is any
uncertainty or geopolitical
tension, we will invest more in small
cap and mid cap.
Also, the construction business,
construction, will have debt.   It's
not too expensive, it's only 0.5 times, the
dead-to-equity
valuation is good,
if we take the price-to-book, it's
only 0.75.  It's below book value
.  If you
were considering a lower level and smaller quantities,
you could easily average it and bring down the average share price
.
If you have entered at a higher level, you will have to be extra
careful
.  That's why, no
matter what strategy you consider,
make your quantitative decisions based on your financial strength.  Valuation wise, it's okay, but
I don't know the details about the promoters
. If you take the large cap L&T
as such, we
can do an average if we dare.  That means there
are chances of it going even lower.
Next, a friend wrote about the Satya Agencies IPO
.  Try to make a draft red
carrying prospect summit
.  It
seems like the company is heavily indebted.   Let's
discuss the IPO launch time based on the data I have so far and how the valuations are going.  There is
no hurry.  Next, we invest in a bond,
and then its coupon
rates are written as monthly, annual, or whatever.
We
get a coupon on an annual basis to cover the face value.  Now, for example, if the face
value is 1000, then the coupon comes at 8%,
then we
get ₹80 per year.  If
you want an interest rate like that every month, you
can get ₹600.65.  They wrote that if you
invest ₹1000 every month, then
which platform can you look at to invest in bonds?
I do
n't go to any platform alone for a bond.
I'm considering issuing bonds on Upstocks, seeing a good deal on that
.  That's it.  Next time
you come to the market, go down there and get down there,
sir.  A friend wrote to me asking if you had updated your main
list and watch list, and if so, please
share it
.  So I have
prepared a main list and a last list for me to consider in the current market situation at this time [for throat correction]
.  I have prepared everything according to my financial
situation and according to my
financial strength
.
I'm sharing this for educational purposes
.  Look how you've taken it
.
After that, only you know your financial strength
.  You'll get
a main list and a watch
list ready.  If we take the first
main list as such,
Amarraja Energy
and Mobility Freshsha has made it to the main list
.  It's been on the watch list for so long
.
I remember seeing it in the 600s.  Recently, I was in Pakalanga.
As for this week, there
was only a very short period of time left before the market came on.  But what's the news
then? There were all these market holidays in this short time,
weren't there?  Even amidst this, there were net sellers in the
ice cash segment worth around Rs. 24,500 crore
.
They took that much money out.
I think they'll take it even more aggressively next week.  That means it's a
record high for March as well.  It's not surprising that that
record was beaten in April, but it
was like that for the first week.  So, in terms of Amarraja
Energy and Mobility, it has
18 times earnings, the
debt loss is 44, as we
usually say, Exide is cheaper than
Amarraja, Dr.
Reddy's is 18 times earnings, Idasin
Bank is again Idas Bank, I have
brought it in my main list, it
is below the book value, the book value is 835 R 40, it will be in that
range.
You know what the share price is today.  South
ITC continues to decline.   Let's just go
.  There's
no hurry.  I don't want to go upstairs right away.  Let it
stay like this for another two years.
Next, IDFC Best Bank 1.5
surpassed all the Times Book.
Their bank in Chandigarh had
returned the money with a 590 crore rupee note
.  We don't know how this will impact
Q4 financial 26
results
.  Are you going to take provision?
No, they said, "Are you going to take the lottery?"
So share prices have
taken a terrible hit.  Price to book
has reached 1.1.  54 That's the book value.
Next,
if we take Karnataka Bank, the price to book is 71
.  They gave 26 updates in Q4 financials
.  Moderate
numbers.  Just
taking a little step a day is
enough.  That will be a big benefit in the long term
.  So
I have no concerns about Karnataka Bank.   The
Muthoot Microfine has
fallen below book value again.  Price to
Book.96 96 Recovery is going well.
As for the microfinance sector, they have already
come to the profit side. Muthoot Microfinance will also make a
good profit in Q4.
I
believe that South India and Bama are giving us a
1:1 bonus as we have already discussed. There
is no debt of 12 times earnings.  South
Petrolnet Elanji 11 Times earnings have
arrived.  The price to book has dropped below 2
.  1.8 will come down even further.
Opportunities will continue to arise for me.   The price of the
book in South Spandana Spurthi is 64.
I have stated my expectations many times.
There is a chance of making a profit in Q4.
Meanwhile, Venkatesh from HDFC has
arrived.  So they would have turned around
.
There are strong promoters.  Tendata Chemicals
Price to Book is .74.  The price will
be 45.  We just discussed it,
why did you come and say, "I'll look at Tata Chemicals," and then
say, "
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles
is at a good valuation."  They keep
hitting the short price
.
We were talking about the production hall at JLR.  There will
be its effects in Q4.  Domestic
sales are good.
They are in third place.  Maruti
Suzuki continues to be in first place.  Let's discuss the difference between the second
Mahindra and the third Tata
Motors
.  It only takes 20,000 units to
make a difference.  Next, Wipro 15
Times' earnings will continue to fall
.
I know very well.  That's why I bought it.
Wipro is cheaper than TCO, Infosys, HCL, Tech Mahindra, etc.
I didn't consider it just because Wipro was cheaper
.
There are good promoters.  There is a strong backup.
I usually take it
and then I
don't give it back.  That's why I'm not worried.   No matter
how far down you go, even if it
goes another 50% or 60% down from here, I will continue to consider it,
bro.  So,
these 13 stocks came and I
have them on my main list. If
we take my watch list like that, we will be talking about First Aditya
Birla Fashion and Retail 1.5 Times
Book
.  Now the book value has come very
close to 1.1
.  No matter what company has not made a profit in
the last 12 months, they will
push their company towards profit.  May the
future bridegroom be blessed with good fortune.  The valuation
is good.  If
we take cash next, the earnings are 18 times
.  Anyway, let's watch some news today
.  I saw a message saying, "Can
I also give entry to data center businesses?"
Regarding the case.  We will discuss tomorrow whether they provide
cooling solutions to Mabee data centers
or whether they
provide entry into data centers
.  Strong businesses don't have debt
.  Next,
if we take Cipla, 21 Times Earnings
Dr. Reddy's Natco is cheaper than this, so
both of them have made it to the main list
.  Cipla is on the watch list
.  South Club Mahindra has already seen
its earnings fall 50 times, but they have come down terribly
.
If there is Mahindra & Mahindra, there
is no need to look for Club Mahindra.  South Gateway District Parks will
be close to 500 by the 1.2 Times Book B.  What is the reason?
They took a loss in Q4 FY25
.  A one-time loss will not
continue this year.
If the profit side comes in,
I expect it to be in that range of 15-9
.  South Ganesh Housing
Small Cap.  Their business is a
commercial and
residential projects construction
business.  There is no death of 11 times earnings
.  It would have been a great rally in the golden years
.  There
will be profit booking.  Wait, I'll
take a look.  Next,
if we take GM Ravatiz,
it is not a loan from companies that can be cheap in this segment.  But
if we take the small cap South HGS, the
price to book is 21%.
There are strong promoters.  There will
be debt. The debt to equity ratio is around 03 to 03. There will
be no B due to profit in the last 12 months. But they have
merged all their businesses,
so I expect the merged entity to definitely make a profit this year. But the
arrival of IndaA will also
affect the performance of this company, so I believe that it will overcome anything and come out on top because there
are strong promoters
.  Next up is Hero
Motor Grab.
As for motorcycles, TVV, Bajaj, and
all other brands have cheap
valuations.  19 Times
Earnings.  Even Bajaj has 26 times
earnings debt to equity. Haro
has no debt either.
These people are truly heroes.  What's the reason?
Honda went head to head with Hero last year
.  This year,
they did it with Kepa White.  The two of them have a
cafe and they are
selling 60,000 units for 26k.
I'll wait until it reaches a lower level.
Because
you know where we are now in that range of 3600-700 that we saw before
.  I'll see if I can get it at a lower level again
.   If
you've never been here before and you
ask, "Is this a good valuation for going to Pressha?", then this is a good
valuation, but it comes down to the bottom.
I've told you many times why
.  They are
showing good sales numbers in the 2026 financial year after these GST reforms
.  I
don't know if this will continue in FY27.  If you wait,
you can catch it at a lower level.  In addition to that, they are also
showing good performance in their international business in
fiscal 26.  If
I had taken South Infosys, it would have been around 20 times earnings. Since Wipro was
cheap,
I came across Infosys and
put it on my watch list.
There will be no watchlists.  TCS may not
be at a good valuation, that's not the case
.  All information systems
are at the same valuation.
If you wish, you can come and
see the TCA.  South IIC Lampard has returned to
30 Times Earnings after many months
.  It will still come down
.  If you're patient,
you can catch it at a lower level.  Jyothi Labs, the next big player in the insurance business, has just
achieved
20 times earnings
.  Let's just say that if it were a small cap, it shouldn't be dead
.   There
will be no Ted.  If it were a small cap, we would expect B to
come in and be in the 15 to 19 range
.  It's going to be 15 to 19 soon
.  Understand.  Next, I have
come to the 30th time earnings.   In
the previous video,
we discussed all the businesses that could be in the area
.  Next, there will be a large gap between Ramco
Industries' book value and share
price.
No debt.  A PE below 15 is a
holding business model.  Next,
if we take the Cauvery Seed Company, there will be no
earnings debt of 15 times.
Small cab, small cab, the foot will
fall terribly.  Next,
if we take South Indian Bank, the valuation is
good.  But in the past,
I considered lower
levels like 21, 22, 23. That range seems a bit too tight for me now
.
You now know what the share price is at book value 42
.  It is still below book value
.  Next,
if we take Tamil Nadu Mercantile Bank, it has
rallied tremendously in the last 3-4 months
.  I don't have a range to consider
.  Our calculations were 500, but now it
is 600.  The book value
is very close.  1.1 It's
next to the Times Book.  Next,
let's take Repco Home Finance, a small-cap
business.  Price to book.63 is the
growth rate that will be very slow.  Good
business.  Even though we took South Zydus Life Sciences, it is still at a
good
valuation.  I have
two days left of Dr. Reddy's, so
I came and put myself on the Zydus watch list
.  Zydus is also at a good valuation
.  Sir, you say that Dr. Reddy's and
Zydus are at the same valuation
.  Then why did you put Dr. Reddy on the
main list?
You've put Zydus on the watch list, and that's when you start to suspect something.
If we take the debt to equity, there is no debt to the nation
.  Okay, let it go.
If we take Dr. Reddy's, I feel like I have a
problem with Dr. Reddy's when I compare him to Dead to Equity
.  So I ca
n't even consider the moon.  So I put
Sides on the wash list and Dr.
Reddy's on the main list.  I always have
Power Grid
Infrastructure Investment Trust, along with these 19 stocks
.  If we were patient,
opportunities would come our way
.  The market
continues to go down.  AI
Aggresiva is out there.   The
Indian rupee
continues to weaken against the dollar.   Let's not
rush, let's be patient.
This is what
we thought we would discuss in this post.
We are sharing this for educational purposes.  So,
prepare a list as you see fit
.  Thanks to everyone for our Keep Learning Stay Invested
strategy
.